Born to be Human
Why are there high and low?
Just because he is the champion
Do something wrong
Shouldn't I apologize to this poor student?
Exactly.
There are highs and lows in life
Who made your father a useless wimp?
So you deserve to be bullied
Rich or poor are people
This is not the reason for you not to apologize
I'll double-label it, so I won't apologize.
What's wrong with me?
My husband is the manager of Yunting Hotel
Prosperity
And your father is a waste of money and ability
My son is the champion
Dragon and phoenix among the future
And you need a poor society funded by others
Why should we apologize to you?
OK, then I'll prove it myself
Born to be Human
All beings are equal
Since you don't give me justice
Then I'll get justice myself
A rice bucket
Don't be crazy.
You and your father are both trash and rice buckets
What do you get justice for?
Daughter, I support you.
We are not poor
We can't look down on people with these dog eyes
The snob bowed his head
Mr. Yang is here
I can't believe that there is no place for reason in this world
Your head is squeezed by the door
I'll tell you what.
Your daughter is simply a lowly poor student
You really
Want a big shot like Mr. Yang to help you?
how
I thought someone said a few kind words to you
I really respect you
Sure enough, people are poor for a reason
Be obedient
Yang always pitied you before giving you the gold necklace
You don't really think
Have you made it?
Hahahahaha
Waste is waste
If Mr. Yang really likes you
How could it be possible to use a gold necklace?
I sent you away
Mr. Yang congratulatory gift knife